so I spent about an hour this afternoon
walking around picking up all the
plastic that I could find out of the
Dead all the trust chicks and the
bonuses if they pop up I've kind of laid
it out here based on just kind of
different categories and the stuff that
I found the fishing gear is what you
would expect to find Lions get broken
and floats get lost and stuff like this
so this this type of stuff isn't quite
so surprising if you aren't a fisherman
you're probably feeling pretty good
about yourself right now you're thinking
okay this isn't my fault so now I'm
gonna pick on the smokers these are all
lighters and if you're a golfer you're
some golf balls roller balls that come
in your deodorant we have all these kits
toys bunch of combs and brushes so if
you guys drink juice in the morning
here's a glue stick a few of glue sticks
actually here's a little gun which is
kind of fitting for a Midway I guess
everyone knows Santa Claus some print
cartridges if you think about how big
the albatrosses are and how big their
necks are this is about the same size
it's amazing that they can even get
these
be very comfortable for them the next
one we have a bunch of pens that have
made it over here there's a bunch of
toothpicks this is somewhat of a
monstrosity door handles clothespins
it's a baby rattle they're still
actually a lip balm in it I wouldn't
want to use it if I was an albatross I
don't think that I would like to swallow
this so if you've made it this far
without thinking that something that you
use has become a problem the
toothbrushes should get you because I
know that everybody uses toothbrushes
every single piece of this plastic that
we've pulled out of the albatross
colonies has come here in an albatross
it hasn't washed up on the beach
it hasn't been dumped here by humans it
came here inside a bird I don't I don't
think that people actually realize on a
day-to-day basis what the impact
actually is we did this we we all did
this to them and it's just horrid it's
horrifying
throw away living may be profitable but
the consequences are intolerable it's
certainly a problem for everyone and it
will require all facets of society to
solve it the ocean itself eventually
will spit this stuff out but we have to
stop putting it in if we don't stop
putting it in it will never be able to
spit it all out and that's the situation
we're in right now
you